week09/index.md, before:

---
layout: week
visible: true
visible_lec: true
visible_n: true
---

# Week 9 - Iodide and Intro to Javascript

## Downloads & Links

### Iodide Notebooks:

 * <a href="https://alpha.iodide.io/notebooks/4351/">Prep Iodide Notebook</a>
 * <a href="https://alpha.iodide.io/notebooks/6120/">In Class Iodide Notebook</a> 

Feel free to check out [Spring 2020's notebook that uses police shooting data for visualization](https://alpha.iodide.io/notebooks/4351/) if you are interestedin other mappable datasets.  

## Optional reading list

 1. <a href="https://alpha.iodide.io/">Iodide Docs</a> - in particular: <a href="https://iodide-project.github.io/docs/key_concepts/">key concepts</a> & <a href="https://iodide-project.github.io/docs/iomd/">IOMD format</a> 
 2. <a href="https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript">Intro to Javascript</a> 
 3. <a href="https://serialmentor.com/dataviz/directory-of-visualizations.html">FDV, Ch. 5: Directory of visualizations</a>

## Extra Resources
 * [FiveThirtyEight](https://fivethirtyeight.com/)
 * [FiveThirtyEight datasets](https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data)
 * [jsdelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/)
 * [vega-datasets](https://github.com/vega/vega-datasets/tree/master/data)

Commit message:

add link to supported python packages

week09/index.md, after:

---
layout: week
visible: true
visible_lec: true
visible_n: true
---

# Week 9 - Iodide and Intro to Javascript

## Downloads & Links

### Iodide Notebooks:

 * <a href="https://alpha.iodide.io/notebooks/4351/">Prep Iodide Notebook</a>
 * <a href="https://alpha.iodide.io/notebooks/6120/">In Class Iodide Notebook</a> 

Feel free to check out [Spring 2020's notebook that uses police shooting data for visualization](https://alpha.iodide.io/notebooks/4351/) if you are interestedin other mappable datasets.  

Also, for Python, only a subset of libraries are supported. See ongoing list [here](https://github.com/iodide-project/pyodide/tree/master/packages).

## Optional reading list

 1. <a href="https://alpha.iodide.io/">Iodide Docs</a> - in particular: <a href="https://iodide-project.github.io/docs/key_concepts/">key concepts</a> & <a href="https://iodide-project.github.io/docs/iomd/">IOMD format</a> 
 2. <a href="https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript">Intro to Javascript</a> 
 3. <a href="https://serialmentor.com/dataviz/directory-of-visualizations.html">FDV, Ch. 5: Directory of visualizations</a>

## Extra Resources
 * [FiveThirtyEight](https://fivethirtyeight.com/)
 * [FiveThirtyEight datasets](https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data)
 * [jsdelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/)
 * [vega-datasets](https://github.com/vega/vega-datasets/tree/master/data)
